Explain intermediate storage (#4025)
dask/dask: docs/source/array-creation.rst

   array([0, 1, 4, 9, 16, 25])

Intermediate storage

> --------------------

Reviewer: I think that this section should come after sections like numpy-style-slicing, hdf5, zarr, etc..  I think that those are relatively more common.

Author: Not sure. If we are going to add a section on `persist` and then on `compute(..., return_stored=True)` (as suggested below), then it probably makes sense where it is as we are enumerating different ways of generally computing data. It would be a little strange to list some forms of computation, some storage formats, and then some other forms of computation. That is just my opinion though.

Reviewer: I think that we should probably add a small section to the In Memory section just above that includes `persist` (my guess is that we wrote those docs before persist).  I think that we should expand the title of the Intermediate Storage section to say "Intermediate Storage on Disk" or something similar.

Similarly this sentence

> In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value that will be used in later computations

Might be expanded to include the following

```diff
-In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value that will be used in later computations
+In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value to disk that will be used in later computations
```

Author: Any other thoughts on this?

Reviewer: I still think that this section is less relevant than storing to HDF5 or Zarr, which I have found come up much more frequently.  This seems to be more of an advanced technique (though I agree very useful).  I think that the other sections are simpler and more commonly applicable, and so should come first.

Reviewer: Thanks @jakirkham !

Author: It's been moved.

.. autosummary::
   store

In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value that will be used in
later computations. This could be useful for a variety of cases like saving
work before a flaky step, as a simple form of caching, a useful
restore/stopping point in a long computation, inclusion of the intermediate

> value in later analysis, etc.

Reviewer: I think that many people reading this paragraph might also benefit from looking at `persist`.  I'm concerned that this text might direct people-that-should-be-using-persist to `store` instead.

Author: Hmm...not sure I follow. The use cases listed above include cases where having the data permanently stored is a requirement. Are there particular cases that lead you to this conclusion? Could you propose some alternative wording to better capture these cases?

Reviewer: I think that we should probably add a small section to the In Memory section just above that includes `persist` (my guess is that we wrote those docs before persist).  I think that we should expand the title of the Intermediate Storage section to say "Intermediate Storage on Disk" or something similar.

Similarly this sentence

> In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value that will be used in later computations

Might be expanded to include the following

```diff
-In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value that will be used in later computations
+In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate value to disk that will be used in later computations
```

Author: Adding a section on `persist` above seems like a good idea. Having a page with `compute`, `persist`, and `store` outlined is generally useful IMHO even if it is somewhat orthogonal to this PR.

I'm a little wary of saying "on disk" as that is not strictly a requirement of a store. For example some tests show how this can be done with a NumPy array and some users leverage this ( https://github.com/dask/dask/issues/3595 ). Independently things like Zarr allow storage in Redis ( https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr/pull/372 ).

Author: Maybe we can reuse `store`'s existing terminology and say...

> ...store intermediate values to `targets`...

?

Reviewer: Happy to avoid the term "disk".  Maybe "long term storage"?  At this point in their education I don't expect readers to be familar with the terminology of the `store` function.

This uses ``store`` or anything that builds off of ``store`` to provide this
functionality. The intermediate storage operation can be done in one of two
ways. Triggering a computation immediately, which behaves like ``persist``
except the computed value is placed in the ``targets`` instead. Alternatively
computation can be delayed, which merely includes the storage step in the Dask
graph. Both options allow this intermediate value to be used in later
computations and both place the value in the ``targets``, which it reads the

> result from later.

Reviewer: This paragraph starts off with "This uses ``store`` ..."  What does "This" refer to?  The example below?  

I think that this section would be better if it described two ways of storing intermediate results, starting with `persist` and then using `store`, describing why one would choose one or the other.  As-is it reads more like a motivation as to why people should use `store.`

Author: Sure that makes sense. Happy to add that.

necessary arguments.

Intermediate storage
--------------------

.. autosummary::
   store

In some cases, one may wish to store an intermediate result in long term
storage. This differs from ``persist``, which is mainly used to manage
intermediate results within Dask that don't necessarily have longevity.
Also it differs from storing final results as these mark the end of the Dask

> graph. So lack anyway to be reused in other graphs without reloading the data.

Reviewer: This feels like a fragment of a sentence rather than a full sentence.  Maybe combine it somehow with the previous sentence or give it it's own start?

Author: Good catch. Have reworded.

Intermediate storage is mainly useful in cases where the data is needed
outside of Dask (e.g. on disk, in a database, in the cloud, etc.). It can

> be useful as a checkpoint for long running or flaky computations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be useful as a checkpoint for long running or computations that are prone to failure.
```

Flaky might not be well understood by non-native english speakers.

Author: Made a slightly different change, but hopefully that addresses this concern.

The intermediate storage use case differs from the typical storage use case as
a Dask Array is returned to the user that represents the result of that
storage operation. This is typically done by setting the ``store`` function's

> ``return_stored`` flag to ``True``. The user can then decide whether the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``return_stored`` flag to ``True``. 

.. code-block:: python

   x.store()  # stores data, returns nothing
   x = x.store(return_stored=True)  # stores data, returns new dask array backed by that data

The user can then decide whether the
```

I recommend breaking this text with a brief and informative code snippet that gives a sense for what we're after.  Then we can proceed with more details below.
